Load INC GPTQ checkpoint & rename params (#1364)
huggingface/optimum-habana: examples/text-generation/README.md

--attn_softmax_bf16 \
--bucket_size=128 \
--bucket_internal \
--load_quantized_model_with_inc
```

### Loading 4 Bit Checkpoints from Neural Compressor (INC)

> You can load pre-quantized 4bit checkpoint with the argument `--quantized_inc_model_path`, supplied together with the original model with the argument `--model_name_or_path`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can load a pre-quantized 4-bit checkpoint with the argument `--quantized_inc_model_path`, supplied with the original model with the argument `--model_name_or_path`.
```

> Currently, uint4 checkpoints and single device are supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, only uint4 checkpoints and single-device configurations are supported.
```

> NOTE: In this flow you can load a checkpoint that was quantized using INC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: In this process, you can load a checkpoint that has been quantized using INC.
```

> More information on enabling 4 bit inference in SynapseAI is available here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More information on enabling 4-bit inference in SynapseAI is available here:
```

> https://docs.habana.ai/en/latest/PyTorch/Inference_on_PyTorch/Inference_Using_INT4.html.

Reviewer 2: change to uint4 link

> https://docs.habana.ai/en/latest/PyTorch/Inference_on_PyTorch/Inference_Using_INT4.html.

Author: ```suggestion
https://docs.habana.ai/en/latest/PyTorch/Inference_on_PyTorch/Inference_Using_UINT4.html?highlight=inference%20using%20int4#enabling-and-running-uint4-in-pytorch-models.
```

> Below is an example to load a llama7b model with a 4bit checkpoint quantized in INC.
> Please note that model checkpoint name is denoted as `<local_model_path_from_inc>`.
> Additionally, the below env vars are used for performance optimizations, and are planned to be removed in future version:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is an example of loading a llama7b model with a 4bit checkpoint quantized in INC.
Please note that the model checkpoint name is denoted as `<local_model_path_from_inc>`.
Additionally, the following environment variables are used for performance optimizations and are planned to be removed in future versions:
```

For more details see [documentation](https://docs.habana.ai/en/latest/PyTorch/Model_Optimization_PyTorch/Optimization_in_PyTorch_Models.html#using-fused-sdpa).

### Running with UINT4 weight quantization using AutoGPTQ

Llama2-7b in UINT4 weight only quantization is enabled using [AutoGPTQ Fork](https://github.com/HabanaAI/AutoGPTQ), which provides quantization capabilities in PyTorch.
Currently, the support is for UINT4 inference of pre-quantized models only.

You can run a *UINT4 weight quantized* model using AutoGPTQ by setting the following environment variables:
`SRAM_SLICER_SHARED_MME_INPUT_EXPANSION_ENABLED=false ENABLE_EXPERIMENTAL_FLAGS=true` before running the command,
and by adding the argument `--load_quantized_model_with_autogptq`.

***Note:***
Setting the above environment variables improves performance. These variables will be removed in future releases.
 

> Here is an example to run a quantized model on Llama2-7b `TheBloke/Llama-2-7b-Chat-GPTQ`:

Author: ```suggestion
Here is an example to run a quantized model <quantized_gptq_model>:
```

```bash
SRAM_SLICER_SHARED_MME_INPUT_EXPANSION_ENABLED=false \
ENABLE_EXPERIMENTAL_FLAGS=true python run_generation.py \
--attn_softmax_bf16 \

> --model_name_or_path TheBloke/Llama-2-7b-Chat-GPTQ \

Author: ```suggestion
--model_name_or_path <quantized_gptq_model> \
```
